In the previous view we've built a sine wave model.
The model produces a signal through sine wave source block and the signal is shown on a graph.
By using the scoop sync.
Now let's add a gain to the signal a gain is a constant numbers that is multiplied to the output of
the signal.
In this model we will amplify the sine wave signal pi three in order to add the gain block.
I will open the library's window
from commonly used window drag and drop the game block
I will delete this connection by simply selecting at them press delete let's drag this here and DOS
and new connections
the default value for the gain is 1 in order to change the gain value double click the game plunk block
parameters window will appear change the gain from 1 2 for example 3.
Now let's run the model
as you can see is a sine wave is amplified by a gain of 3 and the amplitude of the signal is Sri
that's for example changes again to 5
the amplitude has a change to 5
if you want for example to show the two graphs of the sine wave signal before and after is a gain at
the same time we will use a block called mosque or Multiplex or this block can be found in the commonly
used blocks the purpose of this block is to take more than one signal and combine them into one single
vector then the output of the mosque block will be the input to the school block in newer versions of
similar lings the scoop block can be modified to take more than one input anyways I'm using MATLAB 2013
which I think doesn't have this option
I will drag and drop the mosque block
I will remove all connections
the first input to the mosque is the input of the game block the second input is a sine wave signal
so I will right click the output of the sine wave and drag it to the mosque block to create a duplicate
to the sine wave signal.
Finally is Albert of the mosque block is displayed in the school block now runs a model
as you can see we have the two graphs of the two signals the old one was amplitude equals to one and
the new one was amplitude equals to five.